Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet. 
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice. 
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding. 
Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience 
Some magicians can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land. 
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird. 
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door. 
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses.
Chuck Norris and lives. 
Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in. 
Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together. 
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves. 
Chuck Norris threw the water bottle at Justin Bieber. 
Chuck Norris never needs a flash light, he just stares into the darkness and it moves out of the way. 
If Chuck Norris had performed in 300, the film would be called 1. 
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas. 
When cops pull Chuck Norris over, THEY try to talk THEIR way out of it. 
Chuck Norris runs until the treadmill gets tired. 
Only Chuck Norris can pull open a push door. 
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him. 
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless telephone.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its descendants are known today as Giraffes. 
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris. 
Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is. 
When Chuck Norris throws exceptions, it’s across the room.
All arrays Chuck Norris declares are of infinite size, because Chuck Norris knows no bounds.
Chuck Norris doesn’t have disk latency because the hard drive knows to hurry the hell up.
Chuck Norris writes code that optimizes itself.
Chuck Norris can’t test for equality because he has no equal.
Chuck Norris doesn’t need garbage collection because he doesn’t call .Dispose(), he calls .DropKick().
Chuck Norris’s first program was kill -9.
Chuck Norris burst the dot com bubble.
All browsers support the hex definitions #chuck and #norris for the colors black and blue.
MySpace actually isn’t your space, it’s Chuck’s (he just lets you use it).
Chuck Norris can write infinite recursion functions…and have them return.
Chuck Norris can solve the Towers of Hanoi in one move.
The only pattern Chuck Norris knows is God Object.
Chuck Norris finished World of Warcraft.
Project managers never ask Chuck Norris for estimations…ever.
Chuck Norris doesn’t use web standards as the web will conform to him.
“It works on my machine” always holds true for Chuck Norris.
Whiteboards are white because Chuck Norris scared them that way.
Chuck Norris doesn’t do Burn Down charts, he does Smack Down charts.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
Chuck Norris’s beard can type 140 wpm.
Chuck Norris can unit test entire applications with a single assert.
Chuck Norris doesn’t bug hunt as that signifies a probability of failure, he goes bug killing.
Chuck Norris’s keyboard doesn’t have a Ctrl key because nothing controls Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris is web surfing websites get the message “Warning: Internet Explorer has deemed this user to be malicious or dangerous. Proceed?”.